---
tags: press_release
layout: article
title: 2021-22 problems of the month
date: '2022-06-01'
blurb: All of our PoTMs from 2021-22 are now released.
image: 'https://i.ibb.co/fqf7YJX/potm-2021-22.png'
---

See a full list of problems from this year and previous years on [this page](/potm).

2021-2022 Problem of the Month

October's problem is written by Edward Yu. This particular problem is roughly early-AIME (American Invitational Math Exam) level and is a good example of fundamental geometry skills -- in particular, using similar triangles to compute areas. Take a look at the problem, does anything come to mind? If you want to read the problem in detail, you can find it here. Enjoy!

November's problem is written by Gene Yang. This problem is also roughly early-AIME (American Invitational Math Exam) level and is an excellent example of modular arithmetic. If you want to read the problem in detail, you can find it here. Enjoy!

December's problem is written by Alex Zhao. This problem is roughly mid-AIME (American Invitational Math Exam) level and is a good example of 3-D geometry in regular tetrahedra. Take a look at the problem; do any particular ideas come to mind? If you want to read the problem in detail, you can find it here. Enjoy!

January's problem is written by our student leader Michael Yang. This mighty geometry problem deals with a square inscribed in a quadrilateral; Michael provides a thorough and detailed analysis of the problem in the complex plane. The full solution can be found here. Enjoy!

February's problem is a geometry-flavored counting problem written by our awesome student leader Annabel Ge. The full solution can be found here. Enjoy!

March's problem is written by student leader Jason Cheng. It is a probability puzzle featuring a strangely weighted coin. The problem, with a full solution, can be found here. Enjoy!

April's problem, written by student leader Tristan Kay, is an intriguing probability dilemma involving an aimlessly wandering yak and a big bad wolf. This fun problem, with a full solution, can be found here.

May's problem, written by student leader Hongning Wang, is a very interesting algebra problem involving a magic number, and some connections to not-just-algebra. The problem and its full solution, can be found here.
